This is a head-gum original.
And it's only because I couldn't do that before.
How do you guys define art?
We're in person.
Because this obviously isn't it?
Yeah.
The pillow thing was weird.
But I feel like this is a bad energy for an in-person record, which is rare.
This is fun.
And it's supposed to be exciting.
No, I'm having a good time.
They are not.
How do you define art?
Yeah.
No, I'm saying how do you get...
How do you define art?
To me art is, I guess, any creative expression.
So it could be video, it could be audio, it could be painting, it could be spoken word, it could be podcast.
It feels like you had magenta.
Like, a mirror was answering the question and you were like, on his fucking heels.
You wanted to interrupt.
The agenda was the means.
Like, I have no end that I'm trying to get to.
Okay.
I'm trying to like lead you guys to sing.
This is art.
Okay.
You're...
You don't want us to say that this podcast is art.
You're not curious about art opinions about anything.
You just need to hear that your podcast is art.
I'd also like to hear your opinions before we get to that conclusion.
Art can be bad, so this could be bad art.
Yeah.
Art is subjective.
I think is that gum on your laptop?
Well, I didn't have time to toss it.
Just loosely on the side of the trackpad.
If you're watching on YouTube, comment below if you think this is art.
I have 48 minutes of silence.
You're in LA.
Yeah.
You got to hear a cut.
What else is that?
I have a wrist brace.
Okay.
What happened?
You're always injured.
This is not the time to notice that I was talking to you guys about.
You really would think a mirror would be the one who's like physically fragile.
Yeah.
But also you take less risks.
That's right.
Jake does more.
So he's more prone to being hurt.
Yeah.
I think I'm actually pretty sturdy for the amount that I do.
And I have all I have is tendonitis.
I mean, that's pretty.
Well, you also have tendonitis.
Yes, I have tendonitis.
Bringing in the ears.
Yeah.
And I have a slip disc.
That's kind of unrelated to anything you do.
You just slip weird lears.
Yeah.
I still have no idea what caused it.
That's really frustrating.
Yeah.
But it's feeling better already.
I took a blood test last week.
I have a high billion rubin.
That's not good.
Yeah.
It's really dangerous.
Liver deliver.
Imminent.
Yeah.
Not the liver disease part.
I hope.
But it's.
It was one of the results that were like.
Flag it for being too high.
Yeah.
How did you know about that?
Did you get that?
No, my my mom.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Health issues.
I feel bad now because I sort of like have been experimenting with black magic.
I went down to New Orleans.
The dark arts.
Yeah.
Wish you ill.
And make it though.
Did you have a voodoo doll?
Yeah.
I'm making like I forgot about that.
It was like I meant to make like a puppet.
Yeah.
Because there was like some episode.
You couldn't make it on.
I was going to like, you know, be like.
Yeah.
You know, like I would have nailed it.
But what ended up happening was I realized that I kind of prick it.
And then you texted me.
You're like.
I believe.
Yeah.
Where did you hit it in the liver?
So instant.
Yeah.
I guess it's.
Could be not a big deal or it could be like an indication of a bigger deal.
So I guess if I should pass away in the not too distant future.
Just let it know that early on in my tenure of being 39 plus.
I had high Billy Rubin.
So maybe that's something you can look into if it's a mysterious.
Right.
And the autopsy.
Yeah.
Okay.
I.
Do you think how many people do you think comes here for you?
Oh.
I don't want it to be a big deal.
Right.
Are you saying you're not really a charge?
Yeah.
Once you're dead.
I would fucking blow it up.
Yeah.
Because I need to do something.
Excuse me if this is a little one.
Cooth.
I need something.
Yeah.
I need my income to go up from that.
Do you know what I mean?
I want to like visualize it.
Amir's death absolutely drives patreon subscribers.
Yeah.
I turn the whole thing into like an in memoriam of him.
I need to monitor.
Right.
Yeah.
I'd monetize your death.
So in that way, the funeral would be a part day.
Yeah.
I have to be.
You have to be a subscriber to 10 to 10.
Yeah.
That's cool.
There'd be different tiers.
What do you mean?
Tears for the funeral.
If you want to fit in tears.
Yeah.
You have to exercise the tears.
Right.
You want to cry.
You have to be on the master level.
Yeah.
You ligize the bitch for a hundred dollars a month.
Starting now.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
That's really smart.
We should fake my own death actually.
Yeah.
But then I would have to split the money with you.
That's fraud.
Mmm.
That's the other way.
That's fraud.
And you're a fraud.
That's my other fear.
Is that how do you get people to pay?
Because I feel like people would want to pay just to be like, oh, Jake's putting
on this funeral.
Right.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
That's pretty choice.
Right.
The issue being the subject is still the biggest.
I think it's that's interesting.
Not really.
You guys are making really vague small talk.
No, it was an interesting.
I don't even remember what he said before at to you.
There's junk here.
No.
She.
Or whatever the fuck out of now.
Yeah.
You're in charge of the thing.
Up.
Good.
That's easy.
Yeah.
Let's see what we have prepared.
We do have.
We do have something that.
You said uncouth.
Yeah.
Because I think I've prepared what might be the most uncouth bit ever on the show.
Jesus.
Really?
It's you're late.
Prepare.
It's a very uncouth bit.
Absolutely.
What's we're talking about like our fetishes.
Yeah.
So that's how many people we slept with.
How much money we have.
How many people had cash?
You dox a lot of people.
He slept with 17.
Is that true?
Probably not.
I don't know if it's higher alert.
Lots of it.
Nailing it like that.
It's our one in as well.
And we'll blow blow blow blow blow.
Yes.
Let's go into our bond of the week.
This is always forget about this dumbass.
Segment.
I'll go ahead and do a self bond.
Me.
Why?
I think I have what it takes.
I like fast cars and fast women.
I'm sorry.
I love cars.
I was fast.
I think I know a British accent that might.
You drive an SUV in your married.
Yeah.
But I have my proclivities.
Is every bond bond British?
Yeah.
I don't have to be.
But it goes out.
Do at least be able to do the accent.
Yeah.
There was a Scottish bond.
Roger Morris.
But I think it's time they had a bond from Connecticut.
Yeah.
That's cool.
What's my wrist heals?
Then I think I could.
Right.
That's my district fund.
Because it has to work.
I did a lot of his own stunts.
And I'm more used to wear a watch.
Because if you get a sprained wrist.
Yeah.
That halts production totally.
$200 million.
He can't even shake someone's hand without feeling.
I can shake right hands.
Yeah.
And actually I could do the whole movie with just my left arm off screen.
That's pretty good.
Anyway.
Me is my bond to the week.
Would you want to be the villain?
And then maybe that's I would watch that.
Oh, that's funny.
Sort of like a bond comedy of sorts.
You have a cat on your lapid bites you.
That's cute.
Yeah.
One inspector gadget, style reboot.
I would probably go.
Matthew Broderick.
If we're saying in the inspector gadget.
That's cool.
Matthew Broderick.
That's good.
Yeah.
Something like.
So it's like skyfall.
No time to die or whatever.
And then Matthew Broderick.
So that would be the name.
Yeah.
So it would be a gadget slash bond, which inspector gadget is kind of a James Bond style.
Also he has killed somebody.
Yes.
We're trying to in real life.
Yeah.
So I feel like he has a killer man slaughter.
Other bond.
I don't think bond kills anybody.
Does he does?
Yes.
All the time.
That man doesn't kill anyone.
So that is.
Yeah.
I think that's one of the week.
Let's get one of the stranger things kids in there.
Yeah.
That's cool.
A 14 year old bond.
Maybe he's young.
He could do a bunch of mom, you know.
He could do 60.
That's smart.
They really shouldn't be hiring like another.
What?
How old was Daniel Craig when they hired him?
He was kind of older, right?
I think he was like 40.
Yeah.
40.
He's got to be older than me when he first did James Bond.
No.
Skyfall.
Or fucking casino royale.
I'm just old.
Is that a stream on the ground?
It doesn't feel right.
I'll say 46.
Do you think James Bond ever has like high bill of Ruben?
No way.
Or like fucking he takes medicine for that.
Yeah.
He's on a statin for sure.
Right.
Lowering his clue.
What if Bond has a ill bear syndrome?
That's what it's called.
Yeah.
Elevated Billy Ruben.
Deal bears syndrome?
I'm actually due for a physical.
I wonder how my Billy Ruben is.
Probably good.
It's cool because it just sounds like a friend of yours.
Like give him a Billy Ruben.
Yeah.
Exactly.
When you Ruben.
Looking for the applause.
Take your time.
Yeah.
Careful of the gum.
Scrolling.
It's funny to see how the sausage is made.
I have access.
Nice.
That shouldn't be easier for you to find.
No.
I know where that one was.
But I was wondering if I might hit him with him.
Up.
Very good.
I feel like you there's so many on this board that I never used.
Right.
You have to only need that bottom two rows.
That's almost exactly right.
I mean, I haven't even used this one and so long.
You're not that guy.
Tell trust me.
Let's have some news of the day.
Is there a nutritional difference between canalope and watermelon?
What do you guys think?
That's the news of the day.
Yeah.
Oh, I didn't even say my bond of the week.
Father's son.
Huh?
Who?
There's no better choice for bond than the bond of father and sons.
God.
So it's like James and Tabin.
He's Tabin.
He's like his daughter.
So not a son.
Yeah.
Do you want example didn't fit?
James wants his kid to be able to figure out their own journey.
It's funny because this is dumb and boring.
But the next thing that we're going to go into is water.
It's actually it's watermelon and cantaloupe.
I see.
And then it's the uncouth thing.
Yeah.
He's actually no reason to drive the show forward either.
Channel up as more carbs.
Okay.
For 100 grams.
Is this about a point six difference of carbs?
So for 100 grams of the fruit, there's point six more carbs.
In cantaloupe.
That's why it's a little more juicy.
Yeah.
All right.
I don't think it's more juicy actually.
Because I won't even give you that small amount.
Yeah.
It's more fibrous.
Army, hammer, resurfaces in Los Angeles after his lawyer debunks the claims that he's working
out of Cayman Islands hotel.
He he was though.
That's been proven.
Okay.
Are you sure that was actually proven?
Well he he didn't work there but he was there.
And then he was friends with the staff and then the staff were like,
Oh, this would be funny if we put army on like a pamphlet.
Okay.
So he did work a day doing that.
Yeah.
But there.
I think the narrative was like.
He felt so canceled.
So so poor now that he's selling time shares.
But that was he like came from.
He's he's an old money rich.
Yeah.
He's not.
He's going to be fine no matter what.
Yeah.
And now he's back in LA.
So let me know if you spot hammer.
Brett Goldstein didn't even tell his mom.
He was in four love and thunder.
That's fine.
Really?
He put he's on Ted Lasso.
He's like the guy is a room.
Yeah.
Luke Bryan celebrates birthday with family.
Doesn't matter.
He just copy and pasting like a Google newsletter.
It's sponsored links at the bottom of an ESPN homepage.
There's a lot of news of the day.
And I'm trying to parse through.
It's not news of the day.
And then it's just that a country star hung out with his dad.
This is like really bad targeted shit like clickbait towards you.
I'm trying to say.
There's so much news.
Yeah.
And I'm trying to distill it down to what I think everyone needs to know.
Okay.
Jimmy Fallon makes a summer salad and his amazing daughters.
That's nothing.
Then he made a salad.
Summer salad.
Who cares?
He said this is the best thing I've ever tasted.
That's amazing daughter said this is the best thing I ever tasted.
It's a re-capitalist.
He said talk or something.
Wait.
It's what?
What do you want happy birthday?
No.
I do.
Tell me that headline.
Because it didn't make it a lot of time.
Jimmy Fallon makes a summer salad with his amazing daughters.
Best thing I've ever tasted.
I see.
Okay.
The late 90s.
It's a little too abusive.
Because the summer salad is the best thing he ever had.
And his daughters are amazing.
It's like choose one.
Well, he's throwing a fruit salad.
You're fine daughters.
Yeah.
So he was with Winnie Rose in Francis Cole.
Doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
You have to just enjoy the second.
You have to enjoy the second.
No, because then he goes deeper into it.
We want to know.
Then we don't have.
We're going to end up talking about like our coxizes at some point in the uncouth second.
How big are you guys?
This cox.
Have you measured?
Yeah.
I guess let's talk about Jimmy Fallon's strawberries.
He made a recipe from French chef, Jacques Petbon.
Six and a half?
My dick?
Yeah.
Do they have not sure?
Do they have a list of the ingredients?
I'm curious if we can bring a full circle with the watermelon and the cantaloupe.
Yeah.
I don't want to get this.
But when you think of a summer salad as that strictly fruit or you think it's like one of those
salads that has blueberries in it.
I'm going to guess.
What is five?
You that grades me.
Like five hard.
Yeah.
Five hard.
Five inches hard.
Seven soft.
That's what I was saying.
Yeah.
He's not a show or a grower.
He's a hood.
I guess it's a shrivel.
Yeah.
Shriveler.
So I wonder if there's blackberries in it.
My cock.
Great.
Some lemon.
He doesn't even use a measuring cup.
I'm going to find out.
How is it a recipe?
Well, you know, it's sort of like the French way of cooking.
You don't have a recipe.
He sort of handfuls of.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Exactly.
Sort of handfuls of stuff.
Sorry.
There was what a zest of a lemon.
Great of the lemon.
He did end up zesting a lemon.
Yeah.
Okay.
Look to was there any other.
What was the zest of it on that lemon, too?
Because prices are growing up, right?
What was the roughage in that salad?
Was a cabbage kale?
Yeah.
What's the base?
Or is it strictly fruit?
We've exhausted my knowledge of this article and the article itself.
That was all it said.
And you want to tell why Luke Bryan's birthday.
We can get into that.
I don't know who brought it.
I don't know where it happened.
He's a country sorry.
He's 46.
That's your age.
No.
And no.
He was gooffully dancing around the house.
That's fine.
That's it.
It's fine.
So they just report on people's.
Instagrams and Twitters and TikToks.
That's basically it, right?
Yeah.
So it's like, this is viral series.
Right.
They looked viral.
Yeah.
We're all going to hell.
I guess faster.
In a hand basket.
Yeah.
That's really good.
We're going to hell in a bucket.
It's really good.
All right.
Well, we should take a break.
Because I do want to get to this segment that might take a little bit longer
and put you guys on even more of the edge of your.
Okay.
I can't talk it up enough.
We'll be right back.
Oh.
Yeah.
This one.
What song is this?
I don't know.
Oh.
Yeah.
Now a word from our sponsor better help.
Guys, how well would you take care of your car if you had to keep the same one for your entire life?
Well, that's how our brain works.
So why don't we treat him that way?
How we care for our minds affects how we experience life.
So it's important to invest time and care into keeping them healthy.
There are plenty of ways to support a healthy brain.
Like learning a new language or taking power naps.
And there's also a better help online therapy.
Now I do therapy every week makes me better version of myself.
Helps me deal with things in my life that come up because shit happens.
All right.
In your interpersonal relationships, family, friendships, working relationships, etc.
You gotta have an objective source.
It's incredibly helpful.
Better help is online therapy that offers video, phone, and even live chat sessions with your therapist.
So you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to.
It's also much more affordable than in person therapy.
And you can be matched with a therapist in under 48 hours.
I truly believe everyone who has access should go to therapy and better help makes it more affordable and easier to find.
Our listeners get 10% off their first month at betterhelp.com slash.
What's that?
Again, that's better help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash.
What's that?
Thanks, better help.
Welcome to the gash cab.
I'll tear him out.
This is fucking title card alone is illegal.
Your cancel.
The three of us are canceled for being in this fucking thumbnail.
Here's how things are going to go.
I'm going to ask you general knowledge questions about gashes.
They start off easy.
And get harder as you go.
As long as you answer them correctly, you will win this picture that I drew of a gash.
Oh my god.
Did you make that logo?
I made that.
Well, it's I took the original one and I just like Photoshopped it.
It's pretty good.
And so you turn the scene to a G.
Yes.
How is that?
Do you see how it's not just like a straight line.
It's got like a little serif to it.
That's actually why it's actually not good because it's a it's a sand serif.
It doesn't match the font.
No.
Yes.
So they will start off easier and then get harder as you go.
As long as you answer them correctly, you will win this picture.
But three strikes in your out and I'll kick you out of the studio.
Okay.
You can also use one 15 second on the show on the real show.
It's shout out.
But this is going to be eat out.
So you can call somebody.
And if the call exceeds 15 seconds, that's a strike.
But it's basically you can phone a friend.
Who on earth would I want a call?
Yeah.
Would I.
I would play.
Cash.
So this will never believe it.
I'm on cash cab.
Honey.
Okay.
No more questions about it because we really have 10 seconds.
Strike.
First of all, it was the first to use.
All right.
You think these are questions about vaginas or just general gashes.
Yeah.
We don't use that word in the scheme.
Why are you displaying the fucking.
Because I'm the game on the on the real show.
It's like showing how much money they made.
Yeah.
There's no cash involved.
This is that is crude in two ways.
Yeah.
It's just leaned against the wall.
Piece of printer paper with a ballpoint pen.
It's so.
It's a little effort.
And two way.
All right.
Here we go.
Starting up with some multiple choice questions.
Um.
The word gash.
Technically refers to a.
The entirety of the vaginal anatomy.
B.
The exterior of the vaginal anatomy.
C.
The canal that connects the uterus to the labia menorah.
Or D.
The tube that urine flows out of freely in my dad.
Fuck.
I think it's.
I got it narrowed down to the first two.
It's.
The first two is the whole entire thing.
Yeah.
And the second one is just the outside.
I would think it has to.
You know, it's.
You would think it's the whole thing because it's more about the inside.
I think the gash.
Yeah.
But I'll just go ahead and say outside because it the inside includes the like.
The, you know, too much.
Too much.
Anatomy for it to be encompassed in such a crude word.
So I'll say the outside.
Let's hear if we was right.
The correct answer is the canal that connects the uterus to the labia menorah.
But canal.
That's the vagina is the canal.
But the gash.
The whole part is the entire exterior.
Um.
Here we go.
The gash.
I'm annoyed that I'm a little ashamed that I.
That's why this is too cold.
Because some of these are kind of hard.
Uh, how should the gash be cleaned?
Uh, I should also say that they're supposed to be a timer on these.
So here we go.
Yeah.
Um.
So what I was saying, this is a low, low, brow, low concept.
And you did.
And this is kind of a low effort.
For, you know, kind of like, for going after it.
So I could have done more.
I would say this is guy.
High concept.
Yeah.
Here you go.
This is high concept.
Low, brow.
How should the gash be cleaned?
A.
You should use soap and water that in.
In the side.
Looking at the answer.
You should use soap and water inside your gash.
B.
You should use douche's regularly.
Uh, do you guys know regularly?
He was like a stand up in the.
Stanley's normal cousin.
See, the vagina's self cleaning and does not require you to clean it.
Clean it.
D.
You should rinse it once a day.
You're the last one to tell too casual.
I'll go do Schregularly.
I agree with him here, but I'm just going to guess.
Rinse.
So I can leave.
It is self cleaning.
Well, it's funny about that.
One's crying.
Whatever.
Uh, you both have two strides.
Is it really self cleaning?
Yeah.
What do you actually have?
You're douche too regularly.
I think you can actually injure yourself.
It's your regular injure.
But it can like upset the bacterial, the pH balance.
It's okay.
Also, don't take anything.
I've taken everything we're saying.
The gross.
Yeah.
It's just the energy of like, oh, you don't need to wear deodorant.
Or you don't need to wash your hair to me.
You don't need to do those things.
Yeah.
I think you do.
You do.
You especially do action.
All right.
How long is the average menstrual cycle with specific regards to gashes?
Sorry.
A, five days.
B, 14 days.
C, 21 days.
Or D, 28 days.
It's 28.
You're, I just realized that your brother is a gynecologist.
Yeah.
We, we should get calling it.
That could be your, you call doctor.
You eat out doctor.
What is his name?
I.
I already know the answer.
Yeah.
The answer is D.
It's 28.
Correct.
All right.
This is bringing us to our first challenge.
On the normal show.
It's the red light challenge.
But this one's going to be the red brief challenge.
So, and.
Got it.
You're embarrassed.
I'm, I'm having a great time.
All right.
In 30 seconds.
Uh, you have to name.
Uh, nine synonyms for gash.
No.
Here we go.
30 seconds on the board.
And we are starting.
Now.
The gyna.
Correct.
Plussy.
Got it.
No.
Slit.
Got it.
Uh.
Yes.
Koochi.
Um.
God.
Twatt.
Yes.
Three more.
Do you have any that I'm missing?
I have one.
Sit.
Box.
Got it.
Two more, two more, two more.
Casey.
Give me out of this.
That's you.
Oh.
I wish I didn't say mine.
You didn't win a pair of red briefs.
I forgot that.
That was the.
Yes.
I guess that's fine.
What did we miss any famous ones?
Uh, you missed.
And this is a snatch.
Yeah.
We're a gumbo pot.
Not enough.
Never.
Two's.
And, uh, muff.
You said muff.
Really.
Yeah.
You would've accepted it twice.
I would've taken it twice.
Um.
Once with three F's.
Back to our regular scheduled program here.
Um.
Oh, again.
I thought for a second to segment was over, but it's just back to the, yeah.
Back to the original gash cab.
You both have two strikes.
I really want you to make it to the end.
So you can win this.
Uh.
I don't know.
Yeah.
No interest.
True false.
Yeah.
The average menstrual cycle is of a gash is 21 days.
False.
We just saw that.
Did that one.
Obviously.
I forgot to take that one out.
Yeah.
But you didn't have to read it.
True or false.
On average, the average gash loses six to eight tablespoons of liquid volume during
a period.
The keep mine is pretty specific.
Yeah.
True.
Correct.
All right.
Last one.
True or false.
PMS stands for pre menstrual syndrome.
I believe that's true.
Jake.
I think it's true also.
Correct.
All right.
Uh, you guys have one.
This.
Uh, keep drawing of a gash.
But before we go,
there, you can either take this or you can double or nothing.
Get two photos that I drew of a, what did you say slip?
I didn't say that.
Again, you can go home with this or you can double down with our video bonus round,
where I'm going to play a very short clip.
And you just answer one question about it.
I'll just take from memory or did you look at a vagina when you did that?
From memory.
That's awesome.
Nice.
That's a homeintosh, and actually.
Yeah.
These are boobs.
I want to see the video.
Yeah, that's true.
All right.
They're doubling down.
Just because this doesn't matter.
Jesus.
Like.
What?
That's just right.
This body part, shown on camera.
Oh my god.
What body.
What word.
You describe this body part.
Did you do this?
Did you do this segment?
Because there was no women on this show?
We know.
You would have done it.
If Maria showed up.
Or what?
What if a fuck?
Jesus Christ.
There's people.
There's not, but he has to watch it.
Whereas he's walking out.
Obviously.
She quit.
What word best to describe such a body part.
Do shown on camera.
I actually didn't see it.
Can you see?
Show it again.
Can you do it now?
I don't want to.
You shouldn't have wanted to be a fart.
I didn't.
I just had to push the envelope.
It's a dash cab.
Show.
The thumbnail was over what you want us to see.
This is such a simple question.
What word best describes this body part.
Do you want it?
A gash.
Grag.
You guys are going home.
With both pictures.
A gash.
One each.
And one each.
What is it at?
A thousand.
More or fifteen hundred actually.
Not bad.
Where do we go from there?
I'm very sorry.
Yeah.
The fruit salad recipe was more offensive.
I think Jack Pebble.
Yeah.
Exactly right.
I thought that that was going to take 20 minutes.
And how long?
Like 13.
So we're a little short.
We're 15 minutes short of the day.
Yeah.
And you look at out of segments.
There's nothing else.
This becomes a wax episode.
Yeah.
Why do we just wax?
Because we did that a little bit at the top.
I feel like that broke the ice.
Well, here's something about the show.
I wanted to bring up.
People have been complaining that the levels of the audio are off ever since fairs left.
Have you heard that complaint?
And would you agree with it?
I've read that complaint.
I haven't heard an episode.
Since I don't listen to the show after it gets put out.
Got it.
Do you think there's a lack of quality control there?
Because you don't listen to the show.
And then what happens is it kind of slips a little bit of the fairs leaves.
Well, it's hard.
It's like a trust grace in my life.
All right.
But did you tell them that note that people had?
Because I guess some of the like the insurance audio.
Insurance audio or a little louder than the rest of the episode.
Really?
Maybe fairs equalized normalize the audio.
And grace hasn't been doing that.
This feels like something that should be discussed over slack.
Could be a interesting peer behind the curtain to see what it has to be reviewed.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, Grace is going to be editing this.
So I guess he'll, uh, it'll hurt his feelings and then we'll get past it.
It's not hurt your feelings or not thing.
It's just like, uh, is there something that fairs did that we're not doing anymore?
Um, I don't know.
I don't know what he did.
I used to assemble the tracks.
So I would cut out anything I wanted to cut out.
Time it.
It's sink it, et cetera.
Then I would send him all the tracks.
And he would just work it.
Don't ask a follow-up question.
I'm quite bored.
The fairs cut this out.
Do you ever actually cut those out?
Or is those jokes that are to be left in?
If I say it historically back then, if I said fairs cut this out, I didn't want him to cut it out.
And then there would be things that I would just flag of like that can't be in the episode.
And I would just add it that out.
I see.
Yeah.
Anything from this episode do you think?
It's not.
Well, I'm going to blur that.
Yeah.
Probably more than a blur.
Black bar, probably.
Yeah.
Black bar sitting on top of a guy.
She'll all over the entire thing.
Really?
Yeah.
The entire black dot.
It'll show as no legs.
Of course.
Um.
Sexual bucket list.
2021 to 2022.
Sorry.
2022 to 2023.
Okay.
I like your next.
Casey, do you ever think about sex in terms of like a sports season?
No.
I have never have.
Really?
I also have never.
Sports season.
Yeah.
I think that's quite unhealthy, Jeff.
Hmm.
Because I like to be like, oh, like, how do you win the chip?
Right.
You keep stats and stuff like that.
Yeah.
But what's, what's the off season?
The off season.
Jeff's been in the off season since high school.
Jeff's on strike.
The league folded.
It's a fucking lockout.
He's been relegated.
Yeah.
And this all takes place over the dating app, the league.
Hmm.
It's just like.
Um.
Now the off season is like those probably six weeks a year where you don't get any
bi-accid.
Slash purpose.
Um.
And you can make trades.
Really?
Yeah.
So what's an example of a trade you can make in your sexual season?
Or off season?
Uh, you know, swinging for the fences.
Um.
What about you?
Sexual goals for the year?
Yeah.
Um.
I don't know.
I mean, they're private.
They're private.
Why do you think this?
What?
Wait.
What's happening?
Hmm.
I'm here put on sunglasses.
Like he's about to reveal something he's trying to do with that five inch cock.
Let's talk about it, man.
Uh.
For my what?
For what?
For what you're about to share?
You put on your popped on sunglasses?
I'm just-
You got fucking penis plans.
I'm trying to-
And we're down to hear them.
I'm just trying to be sort of like in a cool zone right now.
Yeah.
Like a poker player like put on sunglasses so you can't read his expression.
What are your sexual goals?
Goals for 22, 23.
Yeah, the season.
Yeah.
She's shibari.
What's that?
Like rope-ondage.
Army Hammer-style.
Shibari?
Yeah.
Whatever that word.
How do you spell it?
That's H-I-B-A-R-I.
Is it like Japanese?
I think in nature, yeah.
But not logically.
Not in nature.
I don't want to know.
You're freaking out over the other one.
I think the sushi thing is kind of interesting.
You eat sushi if someone's asked?
I was saying, uh...
Hold on.
I've always wanted to do that.
Yeah.
You see that at like, if there's like a sex party and like a movie or TV show,
there's like a naked person and then they're sushi on that.
Right.
Go and McCasa.
I really trust them.
Yes.
If we were at-
When we're in hotter than having raw fish,
off someone's leg.
Yeah.
I'll eat the fish off your body.
Oh, yeah.
I had an egg cake to Mago sushi off of someone's cake.
I had a pot sticker off someone's teeth.
How's that?
Sponsored.
And I'm a hot liquor.
That's right.
You guys have teriyaki chicken.
Shut up!
Shut up, man.
Whoa.
Oh, whoa.
112 episodes.
I've been so patient with him.
Not really.
Everything you've done has been chipping away at the ice.
It's already fucking done in the ice culture.
Okay.
I finally, like, was on board with the whole gash of it all.
I was joking around with it.
He was having it.
I brought up the sushi thing.
And then I sort of.
Yes, and did it.
Right.
I thought we were having fun.
Yeah.
No, I was.
I was having fun.
I just sometimes it gets too much.
What's going on?
No, nothing.
I just like.
Yeah.
On the offseason.
What offseason?
Sex.
Oh, you're in your six week.
What was going to say?
In Arizona, things got kind of wild.
People got drunk.
Our company retreat.
Yeah.
I wonder if.
I think I'm, do you think, would have lobbed up to be the sushi platter?
We obviously can't answer that.
Okay.
Because I think it would have been Peter.
My car's there.
Hmm.
Oh.
There's no way.
Yeah.
I could see it.
If someone's going to do it, Peter.
He's a freak.
Yeah.
He sort of has a platter.
Nabs.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And that, that body sushi thing is it over rice.
Or is it usually just the sashines over rice?
It's over rated over.
It's a pokeball, actually.
It's spam musubi.
Why sushi?
Just because it's like single piece.
Yeah.
I do think sushi is very about hygiene.
Exactly.
Here's the thing.
When you eat sushi, your stomach acid cooks the fish.
Wow.
You digest it.
Okay.
And so that sounds very answered to me.
Not sexual.
But I do think sushi is clean.
There's no, well, other than soy.
There's no sauce, but soy.
I mean, how much are sauce is that?
Uh, I don't know.
Most.
How much of a sauce is soy?
The most sauce on a scale.
I would say hoisin is like the sauce.
It just gets either hoisin or barbecue.
barbecue.
I think there's nothing sauce.
So you're the barbecue.
Yeah.
barbecue sauce has so many calories in it.
I also think it tastes foul.
Foul?
Yeah.
And I would put it on the foul.
No, I would put it on the foul.
Really?
Yeah.
I think you could probably do like a peasant.
Like a roast.
Yeah.
You probably get sex for a second.
What about like a fucking hair?
Yeah.
Rabbit to eat with hoisin?
That would be good.
What about you?
Yeah.
I do really want to do.
First of all, let's start with an L.A. show of the show.
Yeah.
But I do want to do a full tour.
With the fucking good giant image.
Well, he would be that you played for us.
I think that during the low point of this show's history,
or we're just talking about sauces.
That's what makes you come up with the idea.
Did I ever show you guys this?
No.
I listen or made this.
And I really want to do.
I would have them.
I have one note.
I want to do the joys in tour.
Which is joy hoisin in poison.
Oh.
But somebody made this.
Where did you get?
Where did they get this high res headshot of you?
That's not even a headshot.
That was a photo that somebody took of me when I stepped on the beach.
And you're wearing a pink cowboy hat?
Yeah.
It was Halloween.
And a pink sweatshirt?
Red, actually.
So they just took everything.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
They took that from Instagram.
Uh.
It's funny.
It's kind of Harry Styles ask.
I think we could do.
I say we do L.A.
SF Portland Seattle.
Yeah.
Or the opposite order.
Or just a west coast run.
Or just Portland.
SF L.A.
Yeah.
The show's not going well.
So it's weird that you have the confidence.
You shouldn't now feel.
Is this isn't like coming off a high?
Yeah.
It's like we're struggling to get to the beach.
Get to the beach.
Yeah.
After they caught your boss, it's a play of a joint-a-based game show.
The ones who never yell.
The one who never yell.
A photographic video in the studio for all to see.
I wouldn't do that at the show.
You might.
Really?
Yeah.
I could see you doing that at the show.
Action.
From the crowd.
I like to solicit.
Right.
Action.
We did a live show once.
That one went really well because I put weeks into it.
If we did a tour, you put weeks into that.
I'll put like three days.
That's right.
But half a week into it.
Yeah.
And there was some technical difficulties.
There were many technical difficulties.
Yeah.
Not turning the show.
Definitely show.
No.
The jeopardy thing.
There were technical difficulties.
I can't get like the answer choices to like.
I didn't realize on stage that the like the price is right.
Or the yeah.
Yeah.
The rules of the family.
We couldn't.
You didn't know what was behind.
Each.
Each thing.
So we would make a guess and you have to say yes or no.
But you didn't know what each one said until you clicked it and saw it.
The answer.
Right.
So we would make a guess.
And you would say yes.
And then click it.
No.
It would be something else.
Or vice versa.
And then know this was your guys is coloring of the memory.
I thought I went pretty damn well.
Yeah.
We're like sold people on stage.
And we had five mics.
So that's a venue issue.
We're a little quipped.
We're a little higher on the road on the road.
It would be us two and a me.
And Eika.
Eika.
Mark.
I like the art.
I think if we did smaller venues than we do 150 seed theaters.
Yeah.
We could sell out at all three.
I think we can cash.
Yeah, but not enough to cover the run of the tour.
Yeah, that's super good.
400 tickets.
150 seats, but you have to travel the entire time.
We have to stand hotels if you before people.
You're definitely going to have to pay my fee.
Murphy.
Eka's fly NATO.
And I don't travel anything less than delta cucumber plus.
the comfort plus and I won't stay in anything less than a hawks than her
and tell what you. So at the end of the day, we'd probably lose 5k to 10k minus my
fee, which is 10k per show. So the entire tour would have cost us close to $50,000.
That's before you count. And this is just to sell like 98 seats in a 150 person
venue and Seattle. That's if we sell out which we probably want. That's what I'm saying.
But yeah, I like the poster. We should actually whoever made this poster.
Yeah, I'd include this. I'm saying if you could introduce them because they could do like
other very much for us or yeah. Like if any other podcast go on a live tour.
Yeah. Oh, there's like so many good podcasts that could do a live tour.
Yeah. Right. Can you think of any?
Well, it's just going to say hi and might be used to touring.
We have this exactly. Yeah, hi and might do it.
We might as well. Because Gabriel is a TV star now. Yeah. Well, now. But in fact,
newcomers would be dope. That'd be sick obviously. Yeah. Just two incredibly funny
hosts with a sick following savage. You could probably sell that. Yeah, we can be right
as a dining room. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Keeping my eye out for sure.
Come to random tour. Sponsored by boss. What? I'm saying there's ways or by what?
Voss. You think Voss would sponsor the gash. The words in more.
Finally, we could do Kiko man.
Kiko man. What is that? The soy sauce company. They make a poison. They do.
I'm engaging with you. I was like, oh, really? No, I'm genuinely concerned that you and Jill
aren't cooking with Kiko man. Don't look at me when you talk to him. I'm weak.
I use ways and every once in a while. Yeah. And I use soy and yeah. Well, at least that's
me. Can we at least do the L.A. Show? That's free. Lodging wise. Yeah. Yeah. Well, not if you want
me on it. Because then I'd have to stand a five star. Tell it. Yeah. But that's why I want to write
off. Yeah. Plus the fee. The fee. Yeah. But no, I definitely. I'm down to do it. I think we should do
all of these shows. I don't know if you need to host or if we just do like a joys and tour,
but you're the host. And we have like Gabriel or anybody else from the network because that would be
it wouldn't have to be Jeff Jeff would be on the register, but that's it. Yeah. So if I'm on the
poster, people think that I'm going to be there when I show up, not that everybody's that excited for
that, but I'm just like I put me on the post. But then you don't you're not at the show. It would be a really
funny bit. I think to do this tour and not bring you and to have all of the audience in on the
joke to make it so like go so well and be so much fun without you. That's good. It's like yeah. It's
kind of it's almost like a go fund me, but it's like a go fund. Yeah. It's a go fuck you.
That's awesome. That feels like a different tour, that's the go fuck you tour. Yeah sponsor,
by go fund me. Yeah sponsor. Yeah sponsor. My go song. We had boss.
Moroccan lounge. What about it? 150 seats? Square. Downtown. Never heard of it. You remember
me the Moroccan? No. Yeah, or we could do uh dynasty. This feels like an email.
Yeah, this was an email for sure and to have the email about it before we have
Yeah, and then I sort of didn't follow up because there was a lot going on
We're in the midst of talking about a headgum another headgum live event
Where in October we're looking block it. I'll believe this out, but yeah
Yeah, you don't have to. I mean we don't we're trying to do it in October and November
We haven't chosen a city yet. What are the what's the short list? Portland, Seattle, Chicago, New York
Don't do Chicago. We just did Chicago. We did Chicago in 2018. So it's four years ago
Nothing goes my way. Yeah, you don't like Chicago. That's fine. I think Chicago is great
You're all great. Yeah, yeah
Well, if you want I'm in Portland, Seattle, both on the list. That would be really fun
Why don't we York as long? We just did. Hello, because here's not fucking exciting for any
That's sure New York is way more excited. Let's do it all together. Nobody buys tickets in LA
Because that's yeah, there's too much going on the hard to get around or spoiled here
You gotta go to Denver. That's where you as we go. Do I love it Denver a lot of people?
We've never done anything in Canada. It's a good one Vancouver Toronto
Yeah, just literally that's tough because you're dealing with like in a year-to-year-old
Why do you actually get into Canada? Yeah, yeah, and then how do you get the yay?
What's that border? What's that?
Why do you buy up north?
Ontario. Yes, yes. I can get yippin in Canada. That won't be the issue
That won't be the issue. Yeah, no, I think we should do the Bay Area. Yeah, you don't like the Bay Area
I do one part of America. You dislike. You honestly don't have Boston interesting. Yeah, but you still not like San Francisco
Well, I hated the warriors enough to hate the city, but now I've read enough books about
You know the married pranksters
You know the great. Yeah, Denver's an airplane. San Francisco is a great city, but I don't think that's a great show
I think San Francisco is a great scene. Yeah, it's not a great city, but not a great place to perform
Okay Boston bad city, but good place because everybody's boisterous. Yeah
Everybody in San Francisco is a little too cool for school. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, they are too rich
They're going to Marine County on the weekend. They're not coming to show. Well, that's what I was saying. We could do it sweet water
Where's that? Mill Valley
What is that? It's Bob Wier's music venue
Who is that? He's in the great full bed. Don't look at me. You're talking to him. I have nothing to do with this
Amazing. I feel like if I engage with Jake verbally and look at you
Optically
We'll come up to some kind of a race. What what do you have going on? You guys have a show next week. Yeah, Montreal come to our
live show in Montreal. That's right. Take us at jakenemir.com. July 27th
Yeah, that'll lay me through theater. Uh, folks. So come through. Very fun. We're also hosting and it's like one of
there. The new creators showcase. Yeah, I don't know if you're allowed to go to that, but
if you're a if you're a bad holder or a festival go or something you are and you should come because that'll be
It'll be probably weird. So you should come. You might be there. Huh? You think Olivia Gerkey from three arts might be there?
Yeah, oh, I saw Olivia actually. She's good. She's um, she was at Jill's premiere for Fire Island. That's fun. Yeah.
That's it. That's our plugs. Um, no more questions about vagina's no more
pontificating about sauces. It's just over, I think. Sweet. So uh, and actually it's not does.
These episode wasn't does, folks.
That was a hit dumb original.